JOSS paper update (#34)
JuliaText/WordTokenizers.jl: paper/paper.md

 - name: Rohit Kumar
   orcid: 0000-0002-6758-8350
   affiliation: 4

affiliations:
 - name: The University of Western Australia
   index: 1
 - name: Indian Institute of Technology, Kharagpur
   index: 2
 - name: Julia Computing
   index: 3
 - name: ABV-Indian Institute of Information Technology and Management Gwalior
   index: 4

date: 1 July 2019
bibliography: paper.bib
---

# Summary

WordTokenizers.jl is a tool to help users of the Julia programming language ([@Julia]), work with natural language.
In natural language processing (NLP) tokenization refers to breaking a text up into parts -- the tokens.
Generally, tokenization refers to breaking a sentence up into words and other tokens such as punctuation.
Such _word tokenization_ also often includes some normalizing, such as correcting unusual spellings or removing all punctuations.
Complementary to word tokenization is _sentence segmentation_ (sometimes called _sentence tokenization_),
where a document is broken up into sentences, which can then be tokenized into words.
Tokenization and sentence segmentation are some of the most fundamental operations to be performed before applying most NLP or information retrieval algorithms

> WordTokenizers.jl provides a number of fast tokenizers and sentence segmentation functions as well as an API for building custom tokenizers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WordTokenizers.jl provides a flexible API for defining fast tokenizers and sentence segementors.
Using this API several standard tokenizers and sentence segmenters have been implemented, allowing researchers and practitioners to focus on the higher details of their NLP tasks.
```

Several of the implementations are sourced from the Python NLTK project ([@NLTK1,@NLTK2]);
although these were in turn source from older pre-existing methods.
These include the very commonly used Penn Treebank Tokenizer ([@penntok]),
the multilingual Tok-tok ([@toktok], [@toktokpub]) and tweet tokenizer([@tweettok]).
Interesting, as an implementation detail, to implement many tokenizers,
it was found most convenient to first port them to sed,

> and then use Julia's meta-programming capacity to generate Julia expressions from the sed code at compile time.

Author: We only have `penn_tokenizer` and `improved_penn_tokenizer`, using sedbased approach. Should I change this? What should I change to?
